---------Confidentiality----------
1.refers to only authorized users or systems having the permission and ability to access protected data.
it is to check that data is not being accessed by any unauthorized party.
2.threat to a data increases by the increae in the number of parties, devices and applications involved, which leads to an increae i the 
number of points of access.
3.It can be done doing the encryption of data (symmetric or asymmetric algorithms and key management in case of symmetric cipher).
4. also multi-tenancy presents a number of privacy and confidentiality threats.
5.also reusable clouds may pose a serious threat.
6.Data confidentiality could be breached
7.Data confidentiality could be breached unintentionally, due to DATA REMANNCE. Data remanence is the
residual representation of data that have been in some way nominally erased or removed. 
8.Data remanence could lead to disclosure of private data of users.Suppose a malicious user can claim a large space
 and scavenge(look into left out data) sensitive data.
9.User authentication has to be strong which in turn is a solution for protecting larger objects such as objects incuding memory
  ,devices,software,etc.
 
 
 
 ----------Integrity------------------
 1.it means that assets can be modified by only authorized user in authorized ways. it can be data ,software,hardware.
 2.if data has been encrypted that does not gurantee that it has not been altered.
 3.ACID(atomicity,consistency,isolation ad durabilty) should imposed on all cloud computing delivery models.
 4.`Cloud providers must ensure that zones of servcices are isolated to prevent mass outages and should have rapid failure 
    recovery mechanisms.
 5.Cloud provider should tell you what happen in case of any disaster.
 
 
 
 -----------Availabilty------------
 1.it means the property of system being acessible and usable upon demand by an authorized entity.
 2.Denial of service attacks,equipment outages and natural disaster are all threats to it.
 3.it means that user can get service anytime upon demand.
 4.it also means to carry out operations even in case of any security breach.
 
 
 
 
 -------------------Privacy------------------
 1.Privacy is a core issue in all challenge including need to protect identity information,policy components during integration,and tran
 transaction histories.
 2.Also privacy policies depend upon laws of that country also.
 
 
 
 ---------Trust----------------
 1.it is to convince user that a system is correct and secure.
 2.it depends on the cloud provider to enforce sufficient security policies to ensure the security of cloud.
 3.In case of private cloud it is not a big deal as infrastructure owner remains the data and process owner.
 
 
 
 ---------Audit and compliance-------------
 compliance:the word compliance is used to refer to industry-wide 
 government regulations and rules that cite how data 
 is managed and the need for organizations
 to be in compliance with those regulations.
 1.it is the process of reviewing and examining the authorization records in order to assure compliance with predefined 
 security standards and policies.
 2.it will help to detect any system breaches.
 3.in cloud systems used by customer the customer should be able to authorize and possibly monitor access to the system.
 4.Reliable,secure and tamper proof log collection and log storage is also necessary.
 5.cloud must have strong policies that ensure regulatory and legal issues and the customer needs to insect cloud providers policies
 and practices to ensure their adequacy.
 6.Cloud computing model is based on SLAs.These SLAs should cover objectives related to performance,reliabilty and security.
   It also the defines the penalties upon its violation.
 7.Compliance requirements are defined by regulatory bodies, governments, and legislature for different types of stored data.
Sometimes these laws also govern the boundaries for storing data; for instance, EU doesn’t allow private data (such as
email) to be stored outside EU , hence a cloud customer in EU can only use the provider that guarantees to store the
customer’s data in EU countries! 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
